com.unity.formats.fbx/Documentation~/integration.md, before:

# Integrate Unity with 3D modeling software

Use the Unity Integration tool in **Autodesk® Maya®**, **Autodesk® Maya LT™** or **Autodesk® 3ds Max®** to import and export FBX files directly to and from Unity without having to specify filenames, select objects, or set FBX importer or exporter settings.

| Section | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [Set up Unity Integration for your 3D modeling application](integration-setup.md) | Set up Unity Editor integration with **Autodesk® Maya®**, **Autodesk® Maya LT™**, or **Autodesk® 3ds Max®**. |
| [Use the Unity Integration tool in Maya](integration-maya-roundtrip.md) | Work in Maya to import FBX files from a Unity project and re-export them after editing. |
| [Manage Export Sets in Maya](integration-maya-manage-export-sets.md) | Create Export Sets to export Maya objects that are not part of an existing Export Set. Edit export options of existing Export Sets. |
| [Use the Unity Integration tool in 3ds Max](integration-3ds-max-roundtrip.md) | Work in 3ds Max to import FBX files from a Unity project and re-export them after editing. |
| [Manage objects to export from 3ds Max](integration-3ds-max-manage-objects-to-export.md) | Manage the list of 3ds Max objects to export within Selection Sets. |

Commit message:

Documentation wrap-up (incl. package description update)

com.unity.formats.fbx/Documentation~/integration.md, after:

# Integrate Unity with 3D modeling software

Use the Unity Integration tool in **Autodesk® Maya®**, **Autodesk® Maya LT™** or **Autodesk® 3ds Max®** to import and export FBX files directly to and from Unity without having to specify filenames, select objects, or set FBX importer or exporter settings.

| Section | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [Set up Unity Integration for your 3D modeling application](integration-setup.md) | Set up Unity Editor integration with Autodesk® Maya®, Autodesk® Maya LT™, or Autodesk® 3ds Max®. |
| [Use the Unity Integration tool in Maya](integration-maya-roundtrip.md) | Work in Maya to import FBX files from a Unity project and re-export them after editing. |
| [Manage Export Sets in Maya](integration-maya-manage-export-sets.md) | Create Export Sets to export Maya objects that are not part of an existing Export Set. Edit export options of existing Export Sets. |
| [Use the Unity Integration tool in 3ds Max](integration-3ds-max-roundtrip.md) | Work in 3ds Max to import FBX files from a Unity project and re-export them after editing. |
| [Manage objects to export from 3ds Max](integration-3ds-max-manage-objects-to-export.md) | Manage the list of 3ds Max objects to export within Selection Sets. |
| [Convert Options window](ref-convert-options.md) | Get the description of all settings available in the Convert Options window that displays when you perform a conversion to an FBX Prefab Variant. |
