com.unity.formats.fbx/Documentation~/ref-project-settings.md, before:

# FBX Export Project Settings

Use the FBX Export Project Settings to:
* Manage the display of the options windows when exporting to FBX or converting to Model Prefab Variant.
* Change the default option values for FBX File export and Model Prefab Variant conversion.
* Install the [Unity Integration](integration.md) for Autodesk® Maya®, Autodesk® Maya LT™, or Autodesk® 3ds Max® and manage the related integration settings.

![](images/FBXExporter_FBXExportSettingsWindow.png)

<a name="FBXSettings"></a>

## Export Options

| Property | Function |
| :------- | :------- |
| **Display Options Window** | Enable this option to display the **Export Options** or **Convert Options** window before letting the FBX Exporter proceed when you respectively select the **Export To FBX** or **Convert To FBX Prefab Variant** menu action.<br /><br />If you disable this option, the FBX Exporter directly converts or exports without asking. It uses the last path you specified and a filename based on the selected GameObject's name. |

### FBX File Options

Manage the default values of the [Export Options window](ref-export-options.md).

| Property  |  | Function |
| :-------  | :------- | :------- |
| **Export Path**  |  | The location to use by default to save the exported FBX file. |
| **Export Format**  |  | The FBX file format to use by default:**ASCII** or **Binary**. |
| **Include**  |  | The scope to use by default for the export: **Model(s) Only**, **Animation Only**, or **Model(s) + Animation**. |
| **LOD level**  |  | For level of detail (LOD) groups, the level of detail to use by default for the export: **All levels**, **Highest**, or **Lowest**. <br/><br/>**Note:**<br/> • The FBX Exporter ignores LODs outside of the selected hierarchy.<br/> • The FBX Exporter does not filter out GameObjects that are used as LODs and does not export them if they are not direct descendants of their respective LOD Group. |
| **Object(s) Position**  |  | The position reference to use by default for the GameObjects to export.  |
|  | Local Pivot | Resets the transform of the selected GameObject or group of GameObjects to the World center.<br/><br/>If you select multiple GameObjects for export, the FBX Exporter centers these GameObjects around a shared root and keeps their relative placement unchanged. |
|  | World Absolute | Keeps world transforms unchanged during the export. |
| **Animated Skinned Mesh**  |  | Enable this option to export animation on GameObjects with skinned meshes.<br/><br/>If you disable this option, the FBX Exporter does not export animation on skinned meshes. |
| **Compatible Naming**  |  | Enable this option to make the FBX Exporter rename GameObjects and Materials on export, according to specific [character replacement rules](features-behaviors-compatible-naming.md).<br /><br />This ensures a compatible naming with Autodesk® Maya® and Autodesk® Maya LT™ to avoid unexpected name changes between Unity and these software. |
| **Export Unrendered**  |  | Enable this option to export meshes that don't have a renderer component or that have a disabled renderer component.<br/><br/>For example, a simplified mesh used as a Mesh collider. |
|**Preserve Import Settings**  |  | Enable this option to preserve all import settings applied to an existing FBX file that is overwritten during the export.<br/>If you export the GameObject as a new FBX file, the FBX Exporter does not carry over the import settings. |
| **Keep Instances** | | Enable this option to export multiple copies of the same Mesh as instances.<br/>If unchecked, the FBX Exporter exports all Meshes as unique. |
| **Embed Textures** | | Enable this option to embed textures in the exported FBX. |

### Convert to Prefab Options

Manage the default values of the [Convert Options window](ref-convert-options.md).

| Property | Function |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Prefab Path** | The location to use by default to save the FBX Prefab Variant file. |
| **Export Format** | The FBX file format to use by default:**ASCII** or **Binary**. |
| **Include** | **Convert to FBX Prefab Variant** always exports both the Models and Animation in the hierarchy. |
| **LOD level** | **Convert to FBX Prefab Variant** always exports all levels of detail (LOD) available in the hierarchy for LOD groups. |
| **Object(s) Position** | **Convert to FBX Prefab Variant** always resets the root GameObject's transform during export. However, the Prefab maintains the global transform for the root GameObject. |
| **Animated Skinned Mesh** | Enable this option to export animation on GameObjects with skinned meshes.<br/><br/>If you disable this option, the FBX Exporter does not export animation on skinned meshes. |
| **Compatible Naming** | Enable this option to make the FBX Exporter rename GameObjects and Materials on conversion, according to specific [character replacement rules](features-behaviors-compatible-naming.md).<br /><br />This ensures a compatible naming with Autodesk® Maya® and Autodesk® Maya LT™ to avoid unexpected name changes between Unity and these software. |

## Integration

| Property | Function |
| :------- | :------- |
| **3D Application** | The 3D modeling software you want to integrate with Unity. The available options depend on the software you have already installed on your computer, among [the ones that the FBX Exporter currently supports](installation.md).<br/><br/>Use the **[...]** (Browse) button to select the 3D modeling software if you installed it in a non-standard location. |
| **Keep Open** | Enable this option to keep the selected 3D modeling software open after installing it. |
| **Hide Native Menu** | Enable this option to hide the native **Send to Unity** menu in Autodesk® Maya® and Autodesk® Maya LT™. |
| **Install Unity Integration** | Select this button to install [Unity Integration](integration.md) for the selected **3D Application**. |

Commit message:

Mitigate full path presence in exported files (FBX-485) (#735)
* Clean properties before saving (FBX-485)

* Add absolute path warning, project setting and doc (FBX-485)

* Expose Verbose option in Project Settings

* Update changelog (FBX-485)

* Apply formatting changes

* Add PR template

* Updated FBX Export Project Settings screenshot

* Tech Writer path

Co-authored-by: Sébastien Duverne <55094336+sebastienduverne@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Sebastien Duverne <sebastien.duverne@unity3d.com>
Co-authored-by: Sébastien Duverne <55094336+sebastienduverne@users.noreply.github.com>

com.unity.formats.fbx/Documentation~/ref-project-settings.md, after:

# FBX Export Project Settings

Use the FBX Export Project Settings to:
* Manage the display of the options windows when exporting to FBX or converting to Model Prefab Variant.
* Change the default option values for FBX File export and Model Prefab Variant conversion.
* Install the [Unity Integration](integration.md) for Autodesk® Maya®, Autodesk® Maya LT™, or Autodesk® 3ds Max® and manage the related integration settings.

![](images/FBXExporter_FBXExportSettingsWindow.png)

<a name="FBXSettings"></a>

## Export Options

| Property                           | Function                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|:-----------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Verbose logging**                | Enable this option to get more debugging messages in the console.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| **Disable Texture Path Warning**   | Enable this option to suppress a specific console message that warns about the presence of any absolute path in the exported FBX file when the export includes references to texture files.<br/><br/>This warning informs users that such absolute paths may contain sensitive information that should not be shared and allows them to take corrective action if necessary.                                   |
| **Display Options Window**         | Enable this option to display the **Export Options** or **Convert Options** window before letting the FBX Exporter proceed when you respectively select the **Export To FBX** or **Convert To FBX Prefab Variant** menu action.<br /><br />If you disable this option, the FBX Exporter directly converts or exports without asking. It uses the last path you specified and a filename based on the selected GameObject's name. |

### FBX File Options

Manage the default values of the [Export Options window](ref-export-options.md).

| Property  |  | Function |
| :-------  | :------- | :------- |
| **Export Path**  |  | The location to use by default to save the exported FBX file. |
| **Export Format**  |  | The FBX file format to use by default:**ASCII** or **Binary**. |
| **Include**  |  | The scope to use by default for the export: **Model(s) Only**, **Animation Only**, or **Model(s) + Animation**. |
| **LOD level**  |  | For level of detail (LOD) groups, the level of detail to use by default for the export: **All levels**, **Highest**, or **Lowest**. <br/><br/>**Note:**<br/> • The FBX Exporter ignores LODs outside of the selected hierarchy.<br/> • The FBX Exporter does not filter out GameObjects that are used as LODs and does not export them if they are not direct descendants of their respective LOD Group. |
| **Object(s) Position**  |  | The position reference to use by default for the GameObjects to export.  |
|  | Local Pivot | Resets the transform of the selected GameObject or group of GameObjects to the World center.<br/><br/>If you select multiple GameObjects for export, the FBX Exporter centers these GameObjects around a shared root and keeps their relative placement unchanged. |
|  | World Absolute | Keeps world transforms unchanged during the export. |
| **Animated Skinned Mesh**  |  | Enable this option to export animation on GameObjects with skinned meshes.<br/><br/>If you disable this option, the FBX Exporter does not export animation on skinned meshes. |
| **Compatible Naming**  |  | Enable this option to make the FBX Exporter rename GameObjects and Materials on export, according to specific [character replacement rules](features-behaviors-compatible-naming.md).<br /><br />This ensures a compatible naming with Autodesk® Maya® and Autodesk® Maya LT™ to avoid unexpected name changes between Unity and these software. |
| **Export Unrendered**  |  | Enable this option to export meshes that don't have a renderer component or that have a disabled renderer component.<br/><br/>For example, a simplified mesh used as a Mesh collider. |
|**Preserve Import Settings**  |  | Enable this option to preserve all import settings applied to an existing FBX file that is overwritten during the export.<br/>If you export the GameObject as a new FBX file, the FBX Exporter does not carry over the import settings. |
| **Keep Instances** | | Enable this option to export multiple copies of the same Mesh as instances.<br/>If unchecked, the FBX Exporter exports all Meshes as unique. |
| **Embed Textures** | | Enable this option to embed textures in the exported FBX. |

### Convert to Prefab Options

Manage the default values of the [Convert Options window](ref-convert-options.md).

| Property | Function |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Prefab Path** | The location to use by default to save the FBX Prefab Variant file. |
| **Export Format** | The FBX file format to use by default:**ASCII** or **Binary**. |
| **Include** | **Convert to FBX Prefab Variant** always exports both the Models and Animation in the hierarchy. |
| **LOD level** | **Convert to FBX Prefab Variant** always exports all levels of detail (LOD) available in the hierarchy for LOD groups. |
| **Object(s) Position** | **Convert to FBX Prefab Variant** always resets the root GameObject's transform during export. However, the Prefab maintains the global transform for the root GameObject. |
| **Animated Skinned Mesh** | Enable this option to export animation on GameObjects with skinned meshes.<br/><br/>If you disable this option, the FBX Exporter does not export animation on skinned meshes. |
| **Compatible Naming** | Enable this option to make the FBX Exporter rename GameObjects and Materials on conversion, according to specific [character replacement rules](features-behaviors-compatible-naming.md).<br /><br />This ensures a compatible naming with Autodesk® Maya® and Autodesk® Maya LT™ to avoid unexpected name changes between Unity and these software. |

## Integration

| Property | Function |
| :------- | :------- |
| **3D Application** | The 3D modeling software you want to integrate with Unity. The available options depend on the software you have already installed on your computer, among [the ones that the FBX Exporter currently supports](installation.md).<br/><br/>Use the **[...]** (Browse) button to select the 3D modeling software if you installed it in a non-standard location. |
| **Keep Open** | Enable this option to keep the selected 3D modeling software open after installing it. |
| **Hide Native Menu** | Enable this option to hide the native **Send to Unity** menu in Autodesk® Maya® and Autodesk® Maya LT™. |
| **Install Unity Integration** | Select this button to install [Unity Integration](integration.md) for the selected **3D Application**. |
